Update Query Engine page with new info (#1358)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/dotnet/fundamentals/query-engine.txt

There are several types of operators available to filter a
:ref:`Realm collection <dotnet-client-collections>`.
Filters work by evaluating an operator expression for
every :term:`object <Realm object>` in the collection being
filtered. If the expression resolves to ``true``, {+realm+}
includes the object in the results collection.

An expression consists of one of the following:

- The name of a property of the object currently being evaluated
- An operator

> - An object of any type (string, date, number, boolean, etc.)

Reviewer: I would suggest to call it just "value". "Object" seems to be too close to a "RealmObject"

Reviewer: Maybe something like "A value of any accepted Realm type" or similar

Comparison Operators
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The most straightforward operation in a search is to compare values.

Reviewer 2: Should we rephrase this to active voice? Perhaps:
```suggestion
Value comparison is the most straightforward operation in a search.
```

Or, maybe we should just eliminate the sentence, since it's not really telling users anything. Maybe there's some more useful general information we should present about comparisons?

       For example, the wildcard string "d?g" matches "dog",
       "dig", and "dug", but not "ding", "dg", or "a dog".

   * - | ``Equals``

>      - Evaluates to ``true`` if the left-hand string is lexicographically equal 

Reviewer 2: It could be a good idea to link to wikipedia here -- most of us are familiar with "lexigraphical," I think, but would struggle to actually define it. Could save some users some pain in the future.
